okay so as you can see i basically look
terrible I know I haven't been longing I
got grounded for so long either way now
i'm like addicted to minecraft i never
played it but i'll watch all the videos
online especially with honeydew and
Xephos BlueXephos as videos are really
good um but now what's download
minecraft you actually play it but it
won't let me and I know everyone says
the server is down the server is not
down my boyfriend checked it's perfectly
up you can do ever he wants on it but it
won't let me download minecraft now I
have a really get a laptop so me I'll go
to the minecraft site and flip my webcam
around so you guys can see let me see
crab different now this is basically
what happens every time it is what
happens every time I try to go to the
member site let me just try to that I
get this little cube nothing else now if
i go to i know i've been googling all of
this people say the service dog it is
not i can see the catch fur and mine
crew man my computer so slow with Walt
recording this hey I don't know what's
wrong I have the most updated java I've
everything and everything everyone says
I have windows XP 5.1 but this is
becoming a really big pong I really want
to play so bad and this is the cat
version it shows me and it loads gonna
load a little more and so we're not just
like flipping onto the YouTube oh yeah
um yeah it shows me what I think
supposed to be there
won't let me let me see let's try
register and it goes that this is any
link i get i don't know why it just does
and it starting to drive me up a wall um
any suggestions any ideas what's wrong
with it i even have a yahoo question
because driving me up such a wall um I
tried using a proxy it doesn't work I
tried it www.downloadming.com and it
said it was up um my boyfriend can go on
it I've latest java i have an old compaq
laptop I don't know what I don't know
what's making it do this I want to fix
it it's not fair you guys can build
castles and not me um I don't know what
else to do somebody give me some ideas
time what's wrong anything please thank
you let me go back to the yahoo tab and
stop this reporting because this is
getting awkward increasingly quickly i
roll this laptop but i love that you
normally just owns um I don't know what
else to say I'm writing only on it i
just wanna get all the information i can
because i really want to be able to play
minecraft was less it's like ten in the
morning i just folk like an hour ago um
please figure it out I don't know what
to do I just it is gonna play the game
thank you and please help love you all
right